Changelog May 14 (#478)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2025-05-14_general-fixes.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: General fixes
---
This release added better error messaging for Custom Domain creation.

It also addressed several issues, including those affecting `file_config`, the *Rebuild* button, Schemas in the Visual Editor, and DAMs.

## Features & Improvements

> * &nbsp;Better error messaging when creating a Custom Domain fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Better error messaging when creating a Custom Domain fails.
```

## Fixes

> * Fixed an issue where you could configure `file_config.glob` with no value, causing CloudCannon to display Collections incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where CloudCannon displayed Collections incorrectly if you configured a `file_config` entry with a null `glob`.
```

* Fixed an issue where, in some cases, the *Custom Domain* page under *Site Settings* would incorrectly display the Testing Domain.
* Fixed an issue where the *Rebuild* button on the *Status* page did not work.
* Fixed an issue where CloudCannon did not apply a Schema to new files in the Visual Editor.

> * Fixed an issue where CloudCannon would ignore `use_relative_paths` for DAMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where CloudCannon would ignore the *Use Relative Paths* settings for DAMs.
```
